if you're interested in a stem career I think you'll find many of the
branches of service are almost exclusively devoted to stem careers the
navy and the airforce certainly are devoted that way and the army
and the marine corps do have some infantry kinds of positions that
take you away from your normal stem activities but even there the technology
has caught up to the point where private in the infantry in
both the marine corps and the army have to have a good grasp of science
technology engineering and math just to use the technology that's
provided to them so I think it's pretty wide open navy and the airforce
have perhaps more simply devoted to stem but even the army has
a lot of people cryptology for instance devoted stem tasks so virtually
anywhere you want to go you'll find some stem opportunities